Added Test cases (#70)
mattermost/mattermost-test-management: data/test-cases/channels/team-settings/MM-Test-Case-1.md

---
# (Required) Ensure all values are filled up

> name: "Ability to accept pasting multiple email addresses into the invite modal"

Reviewer: Test case saved as MM-T5386

status: Active
priority: Normal
folder: Team Settings
authors: "furqanmlk"
team_ownership: 
- Channels
priority_p1_to_p4: P2 - Core Functions (Do core functions work?)

# (Optional)
location: Team Settings
component: null
tags: []
labels: []

# (Optional) Test type and tools
cypress: null
detox: null
mmctl: null
playwright: null
rainforest: []
manual_test_environments: [] 

# Do not change
id: null
key: null
created_on: null
last_updated: null
case_hashed: null
steps_hashed: null
---

**Step 1**

1. Login as **sysadmin**

> 2. Create **userA** and **userB**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Create **User A** and **userB**
```

3. Create **TeamA**

> 4. Write down the Email addresses of **userA**, **userB** and **sysadmin** in any text document

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Write down the Email addresses of **User A**, **userB** and **sysadmin** in any text document
```

> 4. Write down the Email addresses of **userA**, **userB** and **sysadmin** in any text document

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Write down the Email addresses of *User A**, **User B** and **sysadmin** in any text document
```

> - (Example: usera@example.com,userb@example.com OR usera@example.com userb@example.com OR usera@example.com;userb@example.com)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- (Example: user-a@example.com,user-b@example.com OR user-a@example.com user-b@example.com OR user-a@example.com;user-b@example.com)
```

5. Go to **Invite Members** or **Invite People** model
6. Paste Email addresses from step no:4
7. Click **Invite**
8. Click **Done**

**Expected**

> 7. Message should be shown for **userA** and **userB**, **This member has been added to the Team.**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
7. Message should be shown for **User A** and **User B**, **This member has been added to the Team.**
```

8. Message should be shown for **sysadmin**, **This person is already a team member**.

> 9. **userA** and **userB** should be added in **TeamA**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
9. **User A** and **User B** should be added in **Team A**
```
